what we have here is a safe conveyor
dual Lane sorting or accumulating
conveyor as you can see there are two
belts in this same frame one belts going
one direction any other belts going the
other direction and then we have these
diverter bars at the ends and what
they'll do is they will keep this
product circulating now these can be
used for accumulating towards you know
2x point that we needed between
machinery they can also be used as
picking and sorting lines for example
you could be looking for that defective
part or you could be trying to qualify
all the parts that are right there might
be you know in this line for example we
said well where is that one little green
jar that
I can get that green gel I let you do
with it cuz you're gonna put on another
conveyor and that conveyor is gonna take
it away bring it down into another
system in that system it's going to be a
large accumulation I mean it could be
going into a straight line it doesn't
have to necessarily be going into
another
this particular application brings them
into a large sorting area where the jars
and/or kitchen
place into different bins
this can be made up to 40 feet long this
is a multi-level system in the front and
above the conveyer to carry it away and
this one's a wider system this is to
12-inch conveyors in the same track and
it's a product we're going down this
line and we wanted to empty this line
and can simply move this diverter bar
back out of the way and that would let
product that's coming down the line
be taken right off the there
right together
there's a whole system made by safe
conveyors
quotas for a customer
it took about one week to complete this
order for the customer who's not getting
ready to pick it up today thank you